[Gabby gasps]
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Take us to the Dollhouse ♪
♪ Little by little
Let's live in the meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ What's the big surprise? ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Let's shrink right down and go inside ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Hey. I was just adding a new toy
to Floyd's cat wall.
I've got to make sure
he has everything he needs.
See? Places to play, places to climb,
and places to sleep and just chill out.
He loves it.
Don't you, Floyd?
-[Floyd purring]
-Aww!
All comfy and cozy in there.
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
You know what that sound means.
It's time for a Dollhouse Delivery!
Come on.
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Hi, Pandy. Do you want to see what's
inside of the Meow Meow Mailbox today?
"Mm-hmm." Me, too. [giggles]
[Gabby gasps] Ooh!
We got a furry little box.
So fuzzy and cuddly. [giggles]
Let's see what's inside.
Ooh!
[gasps] A tiny little egg carton?
Hmm. What's inside of you,
little carton? Tiny eggs?
Maybe. Let's see.
Oh, my! Adorable!
Look at these cuties!
They're part-hamster, part-kitty.
They're Hamster Kitties!
Oh, I love their sweet faces.
And they're so soft and round.
[gasps]
Wait until Baby Box sees these guys.
She really, really, really,
really, really wants a pet,
and she's gonna love these.
Come on.
I can't wait
to introduce these guys to Baby Box.
In you go, little Hamster Kitties.
See you soon!
Time to get tiny.
♪ A pinch on my left
Pinch, pinch on my right ♪
♪ Grab Pandy's hand and hold on tight! ♪
Whee!
What are you waiting out there for?
Come on in.
Welcome to my Dollhouse.
First things first, let's find Pandy.
Do you see him?
Hug attack!
[both laugh]
Oh. Hi, Pandy.
Hello!
Hey, Gabby. Hey, Pandy.
I like your egg carton.
Well, if you like this,
wait until you see what's inside.
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
Oh, my goodness!
Hamster Kitties!
They're so sweet!
We knew you'd like them.
[Hamster Kitty squeaks]
[giggles] Oh!
Where are you going, little fella?
[giggles] I think he likes you, Baby Box.
I've never seen anything this cute!
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
And squeaky.
[gasps] I just built something perfect
for these little guys.
They're gonna love it.
It's a cardboard Ferris wheel!
-[Hamster Kitty squeaks]
-Here you go, little fella.
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
[giggles] Look at them go!
OK, that's the cutest thing
I have ever seen.
Hey, everyone.
-[Gabby and Pandy] Hi, Mama Box!
-Mama, look!
Hamster Kitties!
Aww!
They're so cute, and I love them!
I think they should come live with us.
Please, please, please?
I'll give them water and food,
and I'll play with them every single day.
-Please, Mama? Please?
-Whoa!
Baby Box, I know you're excited,
but taking care of a pet is a lot of work
and responsibility.
But I've wanted a pet for so long,
and I know how to take care of them.
Look!
[gasps] Oh, no! They're gone!
I don't see them anywhere.
Don't worry, Baby Box.
Hamster Kitties love to scoot around.
They must be in the Dollhouse somewhere.
Why don't you guys go look for them?
Yeah. We'll help find
those silly little fluffers.
OK. Where should we start looking?
Hmm. I don't know...
yet.
But I'm sure we can figure it out.
Hey, you could help us look for them.
Do you see any Hamster Kitties?
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
[gasps] They're in the playroom!
Let's go get those Hamster Kitties!
-[together] Bye, Mama Box!
-Goodbye, Pandy, Gabby.
-Good luck, my little cardboard cutie.
-Thanks, Mom.
♪ We're looking for Hamster Kitties ♪
♪ While we search, we'll sing this ditty ♪
♪ Hamster Kitties, whoo! ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow
Meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hamster Kitties ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow
Meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
Hey, kittens.
What's got your motors moving today?
We're looking for some Hamster Kitties.
Hamster Kitties?
I haven't seen any around here.
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
[gasps] Hamster Kitties!
[Hamster Kitties] Wahoo!
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
[both gasp]
[both] Yum, yum!
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
-[video game music playing]
-[Hamster Kitties munching]
[Baby Box] Oh, no!
They went into the wallpaper game.
How are we gonna get them out of there?
Beep, beep! Don't worry, Baby Box.
We can play the game to get them out.
Everybody, hop in!
Seatbelts on.
Hold on tight!
[engine revving]
[all] Whoo!
[Hamster Kitties munching]
Pandy, do you have anything
in your Pandy Pack
we can use to scoop up
the Hamster Kitties?
Of course I do!
My Snack Net should do the trick.
Nice!
[Baby Box]
Let's catch those Hamster Kitties!
[Hamster Kitties munching]
[Baby Box] We've got you now,
you hungry little fluffer-nutters!
[Gabby] Where did they go?
-[Pandy] They're over there!
-[Carlita] Let's go!
Phew! I can't keep up! This is impossible!
Nothing's impossible. There's got to be
something else we could try.
They sure do love to eat. Kind of like me.
If I was a Hamster Kitty,
I'd be chasing that food trail, too.
That's it!
If we scoop up
all the Hamster Kitty bites,
maybe we can get them to chase us.
Beep, beep! Now, that's an idea I like.
Let's give it a go!
[Hamster Kitties munching]
-[Pandy] Got the Hamster Kitty bites.
-[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
-[Pandy] I'm ready!
-[Gabby] Alright, let's lay out a trail.
-[Pandy] Oh, Hamster Kitties...
-[Hamster Kitties squeak]
[both squeaking] Yum, yum!
[Baby Box] It's working!
[Hamster Kitties munching]
[Carlita] Hold on!
-Here they come, Pandy.
-I'm on it!
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
[Hamster Kitties] Wahoo!
Gotcha!
[Hamster Kitties squeaking and munching]
[chuckles] They sure do love to eat.
That gives me an idea!
What are you doing, Baby Box?
I'm gonna write down
all the things Hamster Kitties like
so I know
how to take care of them someday.
"Love to eat."
There!
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
Smart thinking, Baby Box.
Boop.
Where should we look next, Gabby?
[Gabby] Hmm.
OK, we need your help again.
Do you see any more Hamster Kitties?
What room are they in?
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
The kitchen!
Bye, Carlita!
Thanks!
Beep, beep! Good luck!
♪ We figured out they love to eat ♪
♪ You can't blame them
For loving a treat ♪
♪ Hamster Kitties ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow
Meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hamster Kitties, whoo! ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow
Meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
Hey, Cakey! Have you seen
any Hamster Kitties around here?
[giggles] Are these the cutie pies
you're looking for?
Hamster Kitties!
We've been looking everywhere for you!
You little fluffer-nutters!
-Whoa!
-[gasps] After them!
And the Hamster Kitties are off!
[Hamster Kitty] Wahoo-hoo! Whoa!
[Gabby] Looks like Pandy's on the chase.
He dives, he slides...
-[Pandy grunts]
-Ooh.
Good thing he's made of stuffing.
I'm OK.
-Whoa!
-[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
There goes Baby Box.
[Hamster Kitty] Whee!
[Gabby] Looks like Cakey's on the move.
[Hamster Kitty squeaking]
[Gabby gasps] Another amazing slide!
But Cakey won't be stopped.
He flies! He slides!
And he's...
stuck.
-Help!
-Hang on, buddy.
[Cakey grunts]
Phew! Thanks, Gabby.
[sighs] That's it!
We'll never catch those guys. I give up.
No one gives up on Hamster Kitties.
That's the spirit, Baby Box!
They are really good sliders, though.
I can't keep up.
I wish we could get them to slide
right into my Pandy Pack.
Maybe we can.
What if we build a slide?
You could wait for them at the end, and...
Whoop! I like it.
I'm an expert builder.
I can make a slide out of almost anything.
Ooh! That gives me an idea.
How about making a slide
out of a super-long noodle?
Yeah, I can make it work.
-Sounds like a noodle-riffic plan to me.
-Let's give it a go!
[both giggle]
[Baby Box grunts]
[Cakey grunts]
Ta-da! [giggles]
Hey, where's Cakey?
[Cakey] I'm up here!
Come on, little Hamster Kitties!
It's Noodle Slide time!
Whee!
[Hamster Kitties squeaking] Whee!
[Cakey] Whoo!
Whee! Wahoo! Yeah!
[Gabby gasps]
Wahoo!
Here comes Cakey.
[Cakey] Whee!
That was awesome!
Here come the Hamster Kitties!
Get ready, Pandy!
-[Pandy] Here they come!
-[Gabby] And...
Whoop!
-Pandy makes the big catch! Yeah!
-Wahoo!
Great job!
Let's see
what the little cuties have to say.
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
You heard it here, folks.
[Gabby squeaking]
[Gabby chuckles]
"Love to slide." There.
Alright, sports fans, we need your help.
Do you see the last two Hamster Kitties?
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
They're in the bedroom!
Come on, Gabby! We've got to go!
Until next time, folks.
Bye, Hamster Kitties!
♪ They really love to slide and play ♪
♪ I hope to have my own one day ♪
♪ Hamster Kitties, whoo! ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow
Meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hamster Kitties, whoo! ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow
Meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
[Pillow Cat snores and giggles]
[Gabby] Looks like Pillow Cat
is having a good dream.
Silly Hamster Kitties.
About Hamster Kitties?
We'd better wake her up
and see what's going on.
Everybody say, "Oh, Pillow Cat!"
[together] Oh, Pillow Cat!
[sighs] Oh! Was I catnapping?
Hi, guys! What's up?
Besides me, of course!
We're looking for two Hamster Kitties?
Have you seen them?
Kind of.
I was just having the silliest dream,
and it was all about Hamster Kitties.
[sighs and giggles]
They were so cute.
You've got to tell us
the story of that dream.
Of course! Everybody, coodle up!
In my dream, the Hamster Kitties and I
were jumping up and down on the bed.
But the Hamster Kitties bounced so high,
they went up into the clouds!
-[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
-Aww!
All that bouncing must have tired
the little fluffers out...
because they slid down
the rainbow curtains
and snuggled up
in Gabby's slippers to take a nap.
The end.
[Hamster Kitty snoring]
Uh, Pillow Cat?
[snoring continues]
That wasn't just a dream.
You never know
when your dreams will come true.
In you go, sleepyhead.
[snoring continues]
"Love a snuggly place to sleep." There.
Alright,
only one more Hamster Kitty to go.
But I don't see the last Hamster Kitty.
-[Hamster Kitty giggles]
-There he goes!
[gasps] Wait, little guy!
[Hamster Kitty] Wahoo!
We lost him again.
Well, we know that tree leads
down to the music room,
so that's where we'll find him.
Well, what are we waiting for?
To the music room!
-[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
-[grunts] Yeah!
-Whoo! [grunts and laughs]
-[Hamster Kitty squeaking]
[instruments rattling]
DJ Catnip!
Hey, cats and kittens! What's shaking?
[instruments rattling]
We're looking for Hamster Kitties.
And we know the last one
is around here somewhere.
We've been chasing these little guys
all over the Dollhouse.
[sighs] Maybe we can rest
for just a minute.
Great idea, Pandy.
-[music couch chimes]
-[laughs] I love this couch.
[chiming continues]
[Hamster Kitty giggles] Wahoo!
[laughs] Hey, guys, look.
-[Hamster Kitty giggles]
-I think we have a music lover!
-[music couch chimes]
-[tambourine rattles]
♪ Go, Hamster Kitties!
Go, Hamster Kitties! ♪
[trumpet bellows]
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
We got all six Hamster Kitties!
-Wahoo!
-Yeah! We did it!
Alright!
That was a-meow-zing!
"Hamster Kitties love music." There.
Welcome back, you little fluffer-nutters.
Let's get these guys
back to the craft room.
Thanks, DJ Catnip. Boop!
Anytime, kitty-cats!
♪ We found all of our Hamster Kitties ♪
♪ They love to dance and sing this ditty ♪
♪ Hamster Kitties, whoo! ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow
Meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hamster Kitties, whoo! ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow
Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
Mama Box,
we found all the Hamster Kitties!
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
Oh, yay! I knew you could do it.
It was tough, but Baby Box never gave up.
Yeah, no one gives up on Hamster Kitties.
I've got an idea!
Come on, guys.
I'll be right back.
That's my Baby Box.
She really knows how to get things done.
And rounding up these little guys
was not easy.
But all our hard work
was definitely worth it.
[Baby Box]
Hey, everybody! Come check this out!
In you go.
I made a home for the Hamster Kitties
with all the things they love.
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
Hamster Kitties love to eat. [giggles]
[Hamster Kitties munching]
They love to slide.
[Hamster Kitty squeaks] Whee!
[Hamster Kitty giggles]
[Hamster Kitty snoring]
They love a nice, cozy place
to snuggle up and sleep.
Oh, and they love music.
[Hamster Kitty squeaks]
-[xylophone chimes]
-[Hamster Kitties] Ta-da!
I'm a Hamster Kitty expert now!
Wow! You sure are.
Aww. I think you've made the perfect home
for these fluffy little guys.
Does that mean
they can live with us, Mama?
[chuckles] Of course they can.
Yay!
Did you hear that,
you little fluffer-nutters?
This is your new home.
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
Yeah!
Thank you, Mama!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Yay! Look at how happy they are!
Oh, that's so cute!
The Hamster Kitties have a great new home.
I'm so excited for them, and for Baby Box.
Are you ready for another surprise?
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat
Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat of the Day! ♪
It's me!
Baby Box!
Hi!
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
Aren't these Hamster Kitties so cute?
I'm gonna show you how to make
your very own craft Hamster Kitty
to live at home with you.
OK, here's what you need.
A big, fuzzy pompom
for the Hamster Kitty body.
Silly googly eyes.
Tiny pompom balls for the hands and feet.
Felt or fabric
to cut out their nose, mouth and ears.
Scissors, and our trusty glue.
Let's get started.
First, we need the big,
fluffy pompom for the body.
[Hamster Kitty squeaks]
Thanks, little buddy.
Now let's glue on the googly eyes.
Just one drop on each eye.
Boop, boop.
Then stick them on.
[Hamster Kitty squeaks]
Boop, boop. [giggles]
[Baby Box]
Time for the fluffy hands and feet.
Boop, boop. Boop, boop.
[Hamster Kitties squeaking] Boop. Boop.
-[Hamster Kitties squeak]
-Thanks! Next, we cut out the ears.
Two little triangles.
We need a teeny triangle
for the cute Hamster Kitty nose.
-Would you hold on to those?
-[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
I'm gonna cut out the mouth.
Cutty-cutty!
Great! Now let's glue these pieces on.
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
[Baby Box] Boop. Boop.
Boop. Boop.
[Hamster Kitties squeaking] Boop.
-Boop.
-[Hamster Kitties squeak]
-Thanks, Hamster Kitties.
Our Hamster Kitty is finished!
[Hamster Kitties kissing]
Have a crafty-riffic time
making your own Hamster Kitty. Bye!
[Hamster Kitties squeaking] Bye!
[Gabby] Aww! Such a good kitty.
[Floyd purring]
Pets really are the best.
Right, Floyd? I love you.
Yes, I do.
Can you hear him? He's purring!
Such a good kitty.
Thanks for playing
in the Dollhouse with me.
Come back soon
and we'll open another Dollhouse Surprise.
Bye!